Add: How to run examples with our Docker images (#1554)
optuna/optuna: examples/README.md

This page contains a list of example codes written with Optuna.

You can use our docker images with the tag ending with `-dev` to run most of the examples.
For example, you can run [PyTorch Lightning Simple](./pytorch_ignite_simple.py) via `docker run --rm optuna/optuna:py3.7-dev python pytorch_lightning_simple.py`.  

> Also, you can try our visualization example in Jupyter Notebook by opening `localhost:8888` in your browser after executing `docker run -p 8888:8888 --rm optuna/optuna:py3.7-dev jupyter notebook --allow-root --no-browser --port 8888 --ip 0.0.0.0 --NotebookApp.token='' --NotebookApp.password=''`.

Author: We may want to shorten this `docker run` command by configuring Jupyter in Dockerfile. What's your take?

Reviewer: I'm fine either, but how about inserting a new line between texts and a command like this? This may help the readability for users. What do you think?
```suggestion
Also, you can try our visualization example in Jupyter Notebook by opening `localhost:8888` in your browser after executing this:
```bash
docker run -p 8888:8888 --rm optuna/optuna:py3.7-dev jupyter notebook --allow-root --no-browser --port 8888 --ip 0.0.0.0 --NotebookApp.token='' --NotebookApp.password=''
```

Reviewer 2: Ops, closing backticks are missing?

This page contains a list of example codes written with Optuna.

You can use our docker images with the tag ending with `-dev` to run most of the examples.
For example, you can run [PyTorch Lightning Simple](./pytorch_ignite_simple.py) via `docker run --rm optuna/optuna:py3.7-dev python pytorch_lightning_simple.py`.  
Also, you can try our visualization example in Jupyter Notebook by opening `localhost:8888` in your browser after executing this:
```bash
docker run -p 8888:8888 --rm optuna/optuna:py3.7-dev jupyter notebook --allow-root --no-browser --port 8888 --ip 0.0.0.0 --NotebookApp.token='' --NotebookApp.password=''

> 

Reviewer 2: Great initiative in helping out a broader range of users. I'm just not sure whether we should put this info near the top. I might be overthinking, but it could be overwhelming for some, and might give an impression that Optuna is rather complex to run. How about leaving a separate section after the list of examples with e.g. "Struggling with setting up?" or "Running with Optuna's Docker Images"?

Author: So, where do you want that section to be placed?

Reviewer 2: How about at the bottom, with h2?

* [Analyzing optimization results using Neptune](https://neptune-contrib.readthedocs.io/user_guide/monitoring/optuna.html)
* [OptGBM: A scikit-learn compatible LightGBM estimator with Optuna](https://github.com/Y-oHr-N/OptGBM)

### Running with Optuna's Docker images?
You can use our docker images with the tag ending with `-dev` to run most of the examples.

> For example, you can run [PyTorch Lightning Simple](./pytorch_ignite_simple.py) via `docker run --rm optuna/optuna:py3.7-dev python pytorch_lightning_simple.py`.  

Reviewer 2: Ops, incorrect path?
```suggestion
For example, you can run [PyTorch Lightning Simple](./pytorch_ignite_simple.py) via `docker run --rm optuna/optuna:py3.7-dev python examples/pytorch_lightning_simple.py`.  
```

Author: Correct, thank you.
